[Autogenerated] All right, let's pick up where we left off.
We recently created our Web server stack here.
We verified our outputs and resource is and we did an
overview of our parameters and our events.
And in this clip,
we're going to look at the two different types of
updates that exist in CloudFormation.
The first is a direct update, which is this button here.
And then we have change sets, which is visible here for this one.
Let's just do a direct update first.
Now we can use the current template and simply edit the existing parameters.
We can edit it in designer or we can.
Replace the current template so I'll choose replace.
I'll do the same thing and upload my updated file.
I've selected it.
I'll click next and you'll see one difference here.
I added an HTTP location that's similar to SSH.
So now let's say I wanna lock this down to a private I
P cider that resides in our VPC.
So I lock HTTP down.
From there, I'll click on next.
We'll leave the tags and everything else the same.
I'll click next.
You review it so we see our new HTTP location key and
value for our parameter and I'll go ahead,
scroll down and I'll click.
Update stack.
You can see it kicks off an update in progress.
And if I give this enough time, I'll go ahead and refresh, and it's now updated.
Our Web servers stack.
You can see the status has changed to update complete.
If you recall, it was create complete before,
and it added our new instantiation your ity group that you can see here.
So now if we go over to parameters, we see our key value pair,
we added, and we now see under Resource is our second security group as well.
So if I load this,
you can see it created that new instantiation your ity
group for us to use where needed.
And if we look at tags, you can see the similar tags before,
So that's how easy it is to create a direct update within CloudFormation.
Now let's go ahead and let's actually look at a change
set as opposed to a direct update.
So under change sets, you'll see we could create a new one.
So let me click on this will replace the current template,
and I'll upload an additional template I'll click next.
You'll see we have the same parameters as before.
I'll run through this and go to the end.
You can see our new details here and let's create this change set.
You can see it.
Auto populates a change set name for us, and we can give it a description.
I'll click on Create change set and we'll watch this run through the steps.
It starts off as create pending, and just because it's such a simple execution,
it's already done and it's available for us to execute.
You can see we have the overview of our changes Tab
here that's got our change set.
I'd our description the time and then the different statuses
we can Look at the input that we specified.
So this is all the same and we can view our template.
I'm not going to dive into it here.
We'll look at it in the upcoming clips, but we can also see our changes.
So this list,
what changes occurred within our template that error being deployed in
this change set and you can see we're doing two things were modifying
are easy to instance that already exists,
and then we're also adding a third security group,
which in this case is going to allow HTTP s trophic so 443 Now this is
where we can either delete it or we can execute it.
So let's execute this.
We'll see it update in progress.
It's creating okay, and it's done.
So we see are updates and deletes.
Let's go to instances and OAuth.
We've terminated our previous instance that we were using before.
Now this new one is the one that has the different security groups,
and you can see those here.
But CloudFormation deleted our previous instance.
So if you noticed you can see CSV events tab that we actually had a
delete that occurred due to an update that we pushed out.
So if you looked at our change sets,
you can see down here that it's replacing R E C two
instance So this is very important to note and keep in
mind when you're deploying changes.
Depending on the type of change, it could create a brand new resource,
and that could affect workloads.
Now we'll go ahead and we'll wrap up here and in the next clip. Well, look at configuration drifts and how we can remediate those